IF WISHES COULD KILL
Se-ah.
I'll be all right.
Soon.
There was someone else in there too?
Yeah.
That's why I woke up so freaked out.
The girl pointed
to someone who was behind me.
So, it's possible
there's another entity involved?
The yundo compass is in there?
As long as you're wearing this,
they can't touch you.
But if it comes off,
you get back here immediately.
Okay.
Also come back right away
if the timer starts going again.
You'll have your phone with you,
but don't answer any calls or messages.
I'll keep in touch
through Bangwool or Ha-joon.
Do you always
have to go around barking orders?
What I mean is try not to worry so much.
You are kind of bossy.
Which is a great quality.
Take good care of these guys.
You got it, boss. You kids are safe.
I'll look out for you.
I won't let anyone
hurt a hair on your heads.
We got this.
See you later.
What's wrong? Did you forget something?
No.
I wanted to say…
…thanks for what you're doing.
Take care of yourself while we're gone.
We really need our shaman.
So, Ha-young can't step foot
off the property, is that it?
Hm.
Not if she wants to stay in one piece.
There's a sort of protective energy
for her at home.
Does she have cancer or something?
No, Haetsal's healthy as a horse.
It's just complicated. Hmm.
-She's trapped there?
-Hmm.
Is that it? She'll have to spend
the rest of her life in that compound?
That's the choice she made?
I'll find a solution.
I'll get her back her freedom, I promise.
I'll do whatever it takes
to fulfill her dream.
GOODBYE
FROM SEORIN-SI
Nice to see you.
Looks like we'll be able
to check you out soon.
Oh!
Hey. What are you doing here?
Se-ah's aunt needed me
to pick something up for her.
They let you out?
Let's not talk out here.
REPAIR COMPLETE
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Fix it as a present for my birthday?
I told you, I can't.
My old PIN is the new one. Thank you.
Is this what spies do?
I do feel like I'm spying on him.
Hyeong-wook had to find out
about Girigo somehow,
so I'm looking through
his messaging, browser history,
system files, and caches to see exactly
how that thing got on his phone.
Since it's synched to his Google account,
we can also see what he searched
on his phone and what websites he went on.
I won't pretend I understood all that,
but it'll take a while?
Not at all. I'm almost done.
I'm only looking at June 2nd.
The test was on the 3rd.
Mm.
Hyeong-wook was so stressed about the exam
he was popping pills like candy.
He was adamant about not wasting money
on in-game transactions.
So whether he believed in Girigo or not,
he would have wanted to know it if worked
before he even made a wish.
Mm.
There's nothing particular on June 2nd,
except that he was on Discord a lot.
He played disco on his computer?
Hm?
Discord is a social media platform
that combines screen sharing, messaging,
voice chat, and forums all into one.
Oh!
He's getting a call.
Let's stay muted. But answer.
Hyeong-wook! What the fuck?
I've been losing my shit 'cause of you.
-Do you know this guy?
-Yo! Are you there?
If you're gonna pick up,
say something.
Hello?
Dude?
This isn't Hyeong-wook, is it?
Who are you?
It's me!
I got really bad strep.
Oh. Um…
Where are you? Study hall?
It's like you're obsessed. SNU or bust!
You said you're losing your shit?
Why? What's up?
What's up, dumbass, is that I heard
a crazy rumor that you offed yourself!
Thank God it's a bunch of bull.
Why's he so relieved?
He knows exactly what Girigo is.
Mm-hmm.
So, is that why you're calling now?
To see if all those rumors were true?
Did you think you were talking to a ghost?
I don't believe in ghosts, idiot.
I called about the thing you asked for.
I got it for you.
You still want it or not?
Of course. Let's meet in an hour.
Coffee shop?
An hour?
Okay. I don't get the rush,
but I'll be there.
The usual place. Not a coffee shop.
Oh no. You know what the usual is?
We're toast?
Are we toast?
If this works, maybe not.
We should be able
to track Hyeong-wook's movements
that were registered on his phone.
From what that guy said,
they have a regular meeting place.
-It'll show up on here pretty often.
-Baekun Middle School?
Can you move your feet?
You do realize
that's the third time you've looked there?
Your phone's not just gonna appear.
You've looked everywhere.
It must've gotten lost.
Can I just borrow yours a sec?
My whole life is on my phone.
I don't want you up in my business.
All I need
is the video of when I went nuts.
It's possible it'll show us
what I did with my phone.
Not cool.
Using those puppy dog eyes like that.
-But still no snooping.
-Mm.
Se-ah.
I don't have all day
to look for your stupid phone.
I'm going home.
We said an hour, didn't we?
I can't stand tardiness.
I'll summon him.
Be here now!
Not quite.
Next one.
Show your face!
Ooh. That's gotta be our guy.
-Wait here.
-You need to bring him back to us.
-You know that.
-Mm-hmm.
This is a bad idea.
Really? You think so?
I could swear they said
it was around here. It's gotta be.
Huh. How can I not see it?
I don't think they'd lie.
I'm on to you!
-I'm not falling for this shit.
-The bus route, did it--
This is how the woman
who was supposed to marry my brother
got recruited to a cult.
They got her so friggin' brainwashed!
Those bastards control everything
in her life, and it's all total bullshit.
Ogre Min-soo, right?
-Yeah, dude. No--
-Oh?
You trying to punk me, kid?
Oh?
Stop!
Kids, come on!
Hey! Stop!
I'm not joining no damn cult!
Hey, kid! We just wanna talk to you!
-Ha-joon, if you're too tired, wait here.
-Just go. I'm okay.
Hey! We just wanna talk!
Jesus!
Wait! Why are you running away?
-I'd rather die than listen to you!
-You shit.
-Where'd Se-ah go?
-I'm not sure. I lost sight of her.
Get lost!
Hey!
No.
Oh! Oh!
-Hey.
-Go away.
-Go find your guru.
-Stop running. I mean it.
Huh?
Was that Se-ah?
Come on. She needs us!
That was brutal.
Hey.
-I told you to stop running.
-How'd you jump that?
Who are you?
-Do you go to Hyeong-wook's birthdays?
-What? Hyeong-wook's birthdays?
-What the fuck? We're not eight.
-I'm guessing you two weren't very close.
What did you do to my friend?
I'm a true believer in equal rights.
I'll hit girls and guys equally!
Like this, this and this! You got that?
I asked you what happened
to Hyeong-wook, asshole!
-Are you all right?
-Yeah, I'm fine.
Did he hurt you?
Se-ah! Where'd he go?
-Right there.
-Is he knocked out? Did you do that?
Of course not.
Huh.
Yeah. He'll be fine. Up and at 'em.
If I had a cult,
I wouldn't want you in it.
Cool?
So, Hyeong-wook asked you
to get these pills for him?
Yeah.
Those are the pills I take
once in a while to calm my nerves.
Hyeong-wook was getting monster
heart palpitations from what he was taking
so I put an extra order in for my stuff
'cause he wanted to try it out.
Why'd you run away from me?
You would've run away if an old guy was
giving off vibes like you were earlier.
-I'm old?
-No, sir.
You and Hyeong-wook,
you met through Discord?
And you're the one
who told him about Girigo?
Why would you do that?
So he'd make a wish and die?
We're the ones who answered your call.
Instead of him.
Because Hyeong-wook is dead.
Don't pretend that you're sad!
You knew what would happen when his wish
came true. That's why you were scared.
We saw it at the same time.
It was all right there in the post.
-Only he skipped over all the details.
-There was a post?
Yeah, there was. It's on my phone.
It's this…
-It got deleted.
-When?
-The main message has gone.
-Did you delete it?
-Let me see that.
-I don't know what happened. It wasn't me.
"Seorin High. A Ghost Story."
That's his school.
He thought it was really cool
it was something from Seorin High.
We go there too. Did it say anything
about what happens when you get your wish?
I can't tell you exactly
if it was mentioned in there or not, but--
-Do you need a reminder?
-I don't remember the exact words!
Hyeong-wook and I talked about
all sorts of other stuff, you know?
It wasn't just about that stupid post.
Sounds like you guys were good friends,
but we were buddies on Discord.
He was the only friend I had on there.
That's why I was so worried.
The post was deleted
because of a rule violation.
That post included names and a photo.
You're not allowed to do that.
I remember, when I saw it,
the post had both in it.
It was pretty risky,
'cause they're really strict.
So it's not surprising it got deleted.
No risks, no reward, right?
Do you remember the names that were on it?
Kwon Si-won, Do Hye-ryung.
You just pop the names out like that
and still pretend you forgot the details?
'Cause of the crazy shaman's daughter.
Everyone who goes
to Baekun Middle School's heard of her.
She's crazy?
Yeah.
You said there was a photo
that got deleted?
If you're telling the truth,
we should be able to find a cached image
in Hyeong-wook's laptop.
-Next time--
-I thought you were a creepy cult guy.
I found this in the cache. Is this it?
That's it.
Si-won's on the left, and Hye-ryung
the shaman's daughter's on the right.
KANG HA-YOUNG
FILE TRANSFER
-Oh!
-Whoa, what's with you?
Where's the shaman's house?
Your whole school knows
about the daughter. I want an address.
I know the neighborhood.
As soon as I get home,
I'm calling the police!
It took a while,
but he was telling the truth.
Se-ah, do you think these girls
could be the ones you saw?
Yes.
I didn't get a proper look at either
in my dream. But I know there were two.
We're gonna try to find the house
where Do Hye-ryung lived.
We should be there shortly. I'll check in
with you later if we find anything. Okay?
-Okay. You guys be careful.
-We will. Don't worry.
Why would ghosts
go out of their way to come here?
Mm-hmm. Here.
Let me show you.
A shaman's house is marked
with symbolic flags on the outside,
on the gates, or up above,
so people can see.
-So you'll have to look up.
-Mm.
I want you guys to stick close.
Whatever happens, don't go in alone.
You call me if you find one. Hm?
-Sure.
-Mm.
Let's go.
I say that way.
Mm. This way.
-Through here.
-How do you know it's this way?
Do you know where you're going?
It's gonna be dark before we get up there.
Shouldn't we have a plan
before we go any further?
-We can slow down if you need.
-It's not 'cause I'm out of breath.
I just think it's not a good idea
to be searching once the sun goes down.
Maybe we should split up
so it goes faster?
It's actually gonna be easier
to see from up there once the sun sets.
No, it won't.
Trust me when it comes to this stuff.
Let's go!
-Quit stalling!
-Okay, get off me!
You got this!
Come on!
-Look.
-Huh?
That light's brighter than the others.
Okay. Let's check.
Hm.
CORNER STORE
Hello? Is anyone here?
Are you still open?
I guess you were sleeping. Sorry.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I'm not leaving.
-I don't think we've ever spoken.
-Sick of you punks bothering me.
Hey.
-Good evening. How are you, ma'am?
-Hello, ma'am.
You must think I'm rude.
I thought you were one of those thugs
from the looks of you.
I guess you're used
to handsome thugs, then.
You must be thirsty.
Get the expensive stuff as a reward.
Oh, thanks.
You can get more than one.
Not those. That's the cheap stuff.
The fancy ones are on the shelf.
And the salt too.
Just buy all that stuff over there.
-We'll take it all.
-Am I ever glad you came in.
There's a great shaman
who lived in this neighborhood
with their daughter,
and we need directions.
Let's see.
Ah! She did have a reputation.
Only I'd describe her
as more of a quack really.
-Do you know where her house is?
-Sure. We all do.
You go out to the left,
and keep going straight
until you see the green gate.
Are you classmates with her daughter?
We, uh…
Mm. Now that I think of it,
I haven't seen her in three years or so.
Could you tell me if this is
the shaman's daughter in the picture?
Oh, yes. That's her.
Now, what was her name again?
Hye-ryung.
Do Hye-ryung.
Oh no.
That's too unusual.
I can't tell you what it was,
but it's not that.
-Her name is just regular.
-What?
This is the shaman's daughter,
only that's not her name.
So the shaman's daughter isn't this girl?
It's this girl?
The one on the left. That's her.
Oh.
Good night, ma'am.
-Bangwool.
-Hm?
I can give her back the salt now, can't I?
-There's a reason I wanted that whole bag.
-Oh.
Besides, it's the good stuff.
Nice and snug. Let's go.
-She said left, didn't she?
-Yep.
-Look! Down there!
-Flags!
Hm. We can't pick it, so…
Wait here.
We're good!
This place doesn't make any sense.
Can you hand me that?
Here.
This is a dangganjiju.
It's for setting up ceremonial flags
at Buddhist temples.
It doesn't belong here at all.
And there's blood on it.
She wasn't a shaman.
Or a ritual master.
What the hell?
Hold on.
Don't move.
-Stay there!
-Jesus Christ!
Scoot together.
-What?
-Scoot together.
Closer?
-Why so close?
-I'll tell you in a sec. Just stand still.
I'm creating a protective field.
To keep the evil spirits
from possessing you.
Squeeze together.
It needs to be tight.
And do not step outside this circle.
Bangwool, it's still so hot.
Do you really have to make it so tight?
Mm-hmm. Because the tighter you make it,
the better it works.
Oh.
Now,
if I yell for you to get out of here,
or if I'm not back in ten minutes,
you run back to the car and get in.
Lock yourselves inside,
call Haetsal, and tell her
what's going on, on speakerphone.
Stay in the car until sunrise. Got it?
-Huh.
-Got it.
Holy shit.
What is it?!
-You stayed inside. Good job, guys.
-I hate you.
What if something comes after us?
Stand still and yell.
Loudly.
It's crazy humid up here.
Right?
Uh-huh. Crazy.
Hm.
Is that blood?
How long has it been?
Almost three minutes.
I can feel my sweat trickling.
It's really annoying.
You?
Yeah, a little.
It's pretty gross.
There's no shrine.
Se-ah.
What?
Don't move an inch.
Why? What's wrong?
Sorry.
Ow! What the hell?
There was a mosquito.
I wanted to get it before it bit you.
Ha-joon.
Do you
see that too?
What?
What are you doing?
Se-ah, don't!
Se-ah!
A diorama of hell in a shrine?
Huh?
This is some spooky shit.
What's she protecting with this?
No.
A deolmi?
Is this a curse?
Is that a cupboard or a door?
That got me good.
Ha-joon…
do you see it? Right there?
What?
I think your mind's playing tricks on you.
We should go back.
Our school?
Bangwool!
Hey!
Why'd you leave the circle?
I told you not to move, didn't I?
The girl from my dream was here. She led
me to a place where this was buried.
This wasn't the work of one person.
The Buddhist influence
and the shamanic shrine look connected.
But the other stuff,
it doesn't make sense.
The sabotage in the shrine
and the diorama.
It's hard to tell if they were trying
to protect someone or put a curse on them.
The shop owner told you the shaman died?
She happened to see her
get carted off for her burial rites.
Would it make sense
to look into what kind of shaman she was?
I think it would be better
to focus on the phone.
I can see a window from the place
where Se-ah was taken on the other side.
I think they made a video there,
so the red phone
that turned into a maehyung must be there.
Mm-hmm.
Haetsal, please try not to get worked up.
I'll find it somehow.
Needle in a haystack.
Too bad this picture isn't digital.
-Why?
-Then we'd have location data.
Wait.
It's also in the videos.
-Can you hold on to this?
-Yeah, sure.
It's on there?
This is the metadata
of Geon-woo's wish-making video.
You see these numbers?
That's the GPS data.
If you input that, it'll show you
the location where the video was made.
And from what I can tell, Girigo videos
load in their original format.
So that means if we get the video off
the server, the GPS data will be on there?
-Mm.
-Whoa.
Nerds could rule the world. You're good.
It won't let me log in unless
I'm registered to the server though.
Wait! This login looks familiar.
Huh?
You've seen it?
ADMIN ID
4BONG
On my coach's computer.
-Is anyone there?
-Just Coach.
That's her car.
She usually comes out about now.
But she's almost always the last one here.
So the coast will be clear
once she leaves the parking lot?
Yeah.
-Security cameras?
-I know a way around them.
Hm.
Se-ah.
The ghost you saw at the house,
would you be able to recognize
which of the two it was?
Sorry. I don't know who she is,
but I think she wants to help me.
She guided us to the picture.
Don't jump to conclusions about her.
She could be luring you in
with her deception.
Ghosts are tricky creatures.
Then maybe we should
have a countermeasure?
We already have two.
Me and your sister.
Don't let your confidence
be the end of us.
Oh. Ha-joon.
We can go now. She's leaving.
-Mm.
-Just the two of you?
It's our school. We know our way around.
And we won't look so suspicious.
That makes sense.
Good to go. But be careful.
We will.
-Stick together.
-We will.
How did you know
there was a hole in the fence back here?
-Because I'm the one who made it.
-Why?
Stealth workouts.
I got on the national team
with secret sessions.
Huh.
Ready?
Yeah.
One, two, three, four.
-That's her security code?
-Mm-hmm.
She thinks cybersecurity's a dirty word.
It's her code for everything.
ADMIN ID: 4BONG
PASSWORD:
One, two, three, four.
Thanks, Coach Song.
YOUTH APP DEVELOPMENT CONTEST
GIRIGO
GIRIGO/VIDEO
-Oh my God!
-What?
Are there
only videos from people who made wishes?
Mm-hmm.
That means…
that's a wish video, right?
There are two people
I want to be dead after this.
NOVEMBER 4, 2008
LIM NA-RI
Number one, that loser, Choi Hyeong-wook.
Kinda goes without saying.
Na-ri made a wish.
Geon-woo, wait a sec.
But then,
how can she still be alive?